how much BN pays u?

The most the article can prove is Tony Pua has wrong understanding about the pricing, can't prove lies.But the more important question is why we still need to rely on Singapore refinery after decades of petroleum industry? Just like why we need to export raw water to Singapore and then import treated water at higher price? Where is the Boleh'ness of BolehLand? Shitty gov............ nation forever backward.

zzzz itu tony pua mana boleh percaya 1.

macai PAS semakin bersuara

both parties also liesits up to macai wanna believe or not

Tony Pua & Rafizi bs

BN supporters talk rubbish again and again...

Tony Phuck is a serial liar dont belip him unless you want to be influenced by DAP propaganda

most politicians lie

GOVERNMENT LIE TO THE PEOPLE ALL THE TIME

Lol.... sounds familiar like Bijan and Dr. M... bila datang challenge, telur kecut.

this is the problem with PAS. fanatics & extremism.

next pru ayam targeting BN to win kelantan and swallow pas til dead

OTAK KAT LUTUT

Pas memang tak akn menang di sarawak.. dari awal dulu dah tolak parti ekstrimis ini. Tiap2 hari buat statement bodo nak provoke christians who are the majority in sarawak.

i only thought these tactics BN used on kampung ppl....manatau PAS so desperate

pas got no balls.

dumbno

Penyokong PAS saban hari makin kelakar

coming from a PAS supporter in last PRU, dude PAS is going to lose BIG this coming PRU.Tak ada tatasusila hormati orang Islam lain.Fanatik lebih.Who taught you this.Nabi orang yahudi mati pun hormat.

PAS with their hypocrisies

perangai ahli pas ni macam sakai

PAS = Parti Ajaran Setan

Pas oh pas.....No balls like bugis liao

Since Nik Aziz had passed away, PAS was headless and lost direction. In fighting and too much internal politicking...

Waddafak, UMNO playing more games again.

PAS is not the only one who is naive here.Pakatan Harapan is the same...

both ph & bn can go die...

PAS play god certified representative and are vocal bout it. This alone already red flag. Only retards ignorant to that only. Unless their supporters also wanna bcome god wannabe.

lol semua salah DAP

PAS is the worst political party in Malaysia have no doubt about it.

we must moving forward.pas just block our way.

Because PAS is a religious party. Religious party is a disaster. I do not want a disaster.

pas = bodopas go dai

pas time is over.

In previous GE PAS's msin focus was fighting corruption, less religion.Now their focus is imposing religion, not fighting corruption.Its PAS who is fickle minded.

Bila PKR nak bubar? Parti dah tak relevan

If you think Wan Azizah will become PM I hate to burst your bubble. MB Selangor also cannot how to become PM.Yeah exactly what I said to the other guy - not compromise your principles = not successful politician e.g. TSKIUsually my area only two contesting parties. I will not vote for BN (you all know why) and I will not vote for PH with Mahathir as their leader (because I will not endorse a traitor). Why you think it is arrogant to do so? I think with Mahathir there both parties are now bad for Malaysia. I am not going to support both of them.

Why should i vote PH?i got PAS as alternative, for me both PH and BN are same evil.

I consider Mahathir a traitor

najib Corrupt is in the blood

Pas? Not trying hard enough to fight corruption. 90m case ongoing. Such a turn off.