http://www.malaysiakini.com/news/384197PKR leader predicts 1MDB-generated 'wave of rejection' for Najib1 June 2017A PKR
leader believes there will be a “wave of rejection” towards Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak in the next general
election.According to Saifuddin Nasution Ismail, this will be generated by the 1MDB scandal, which has spawned
investigations and court actions in various countries."Malaysians are obviously ready to make change for their welfare
as well as that of the country's,” added the PKR secretary-general in a media statement.For the rest of this story and
more, subscribe for only RM150 a year (full news access)or RM420 a year (full news + full archive access). If you're
already a subscriber, please sign in.
KEKPOT, dah lah bodo, now what majority of the ppl cares/don't also dono, pandan muke forever lose to BN.This post has
been edited by petang makan maggi: Jun 1 2017, 12:26 PM
Meh, orang kampung don't even know what is 1MDB. They just enjoice BRIM
Dream on. If opposition was united like last ge maybe can see some reduce vote for bn. But now u all like headless
chicken
who cares about wave of rejection when you can go 3-way on voting to break the vote and win.
Unfortunately, this wave of rejection is only happening in urban areas.
datang lagi dengan statement syiok sendiri

Thank you for reposting.
gst down to 2-3% pls
Unfortunately..this Amanah fella is also "katak bawah tempurung"Most voters are concerned about cost of living, religion
issues and security and safety.1MDB you go kampong ..people just "ya I dengar tapi takpe la...bukan duit saya.."
Should give me a percentage of the commission you get for advertising for them
I can even give you 100%. But 100% of zero commission is still zero.
Bijan cash king.Kampung Rakyat just follow.Urban Rakyat keep quiet.BN win all.
Memang pun, not corrupt but water cut all the time, power cut all the time, no public transport, pollution so bad you
can't see ten feet in front of you, what would be the point of that
PKR .&rafizi korang boleh diam tak ?
Ehh tl:dr sepudin
Oppo tak habis2 dgn isu lapuk. BODO tak boleh diajar.
Agree with you. Realistically speaking, I don't think opposition can win even if they're united. They need like at least
70% popular votes based on my loyar buruk assumption. Since they cant get their shit together, coupled with 3R being
played to the max, it won't be a surprise if opposition lose heavily in the coming GE...
PKR shock sendiri only la...
Why was SHAFEE paid such a SHOCKING & ILLOGICAL & HUMOUNGOUS AMOUNT of MONEY ?????????????????????for prosecuting Anwar
.Where did that MONEY come from ????
Najib goes to kampung Melayu and FELDA, give some goodies, wave Ketuanan and "orang kita" cards, pak cik mak cik
immediately embrace Najib and UMNO.
BN will win in all state except Penang.Kelantan is a walk over for BNMany outstation voter will not go back to vote.
Saifuddin Nasution Ismail, sampah yang sama dgn sotong, fitnah kes TSKI
Bigblow number 776528896673999900986544443333333333335266252526... And counting...
lol ts. orang kampung pedulik ape 1mdb. janji dpt duit br1m free all heil bn!!

Malaysia want harga rumah ditambat!!!!
I think you can demand them edi... if they dont to pay you, you can stop posting about them...that's all. here they got
free ad thru u...
1MDB is an urban issue.The rural people dont give two hoots about the 1MDB fiasco.Nasution ni dari dulu jadi badut PKR.
Majority don't care. As long got dedak, BN will win.
No lah.  I don't need the money anyway. I just keep posting that for the LOLZ.  See who gets their jimmies rustled.
But no party offer Barang Turun one...owai
ppl never reject najib as long as najib still plays the biggest mani gem in town
Wave of rejection for najib is an easy fix, he can't be PM if he losses his MP seat.
Najib only need 35% vote. PAS will ensure that.
