It's GE14 bait and it's a waste of public funds, say three Pakatan leaders.Pakatan Harapan leaders are crying foul over
Prime Minister Najib Razak’s announcement last Tuesday that the government will be giving free digital television
decoders to 4.2 million BR1M recipients in phases.Amanah deputy president Salahuddin Ayub, PKR vice-president Tian Chua
and Amanah strategy director Dzulkefly Ahmad accused Putrajaya of wasting public funds to further Barisan Nasional’s
political interest.They said it was Najib’s way of fishing for votes in the 14th general election.The decoders, worth
RM199 each, will provide access to nine terrestrial TV stations – TV1, TV2, TVi, TV AlHijrah, TV3, NTV7, 8TV, TV9 and
Bernama News Channel – as well as four RTM radio stations. The last phase of distribution will occur at the end of next
year.Najib said the government’s aim was to move the nation into the digital era.Salahuddin released a media statement
saying Putrajaya’s sense of priorities was warped.“Taxpayer money ought to be channelled towards solving the people’s
core problems,” he said. “If the country is able to provide good job opportunities with suitable wages, then other needs
will be taken care of without the government having to buy decoders for everyone.“Najib needs to realise that what the
youth want are affordable housing and job opportunities with suitable wages as well as for the GST to be abolished, for
the prices of goods to be controlled and for their higher education scholarships to not be blocked.”Tian Chua, speaking
to FMT, questioned the relevance of giving the decoders to BR1M recipients.“The argument about giving BR1M has always
been about elevating the recipients from poverty and shortage of income,” he said.“Now the government is suddenly
talking about TV decoders. The government needs this for its propaganda rather than to help people in need of financial
assistance. It’s obvious then that the general election is closing in.”He said the gesture was a blatant attempt to win
votes. It showed BN had only its own needs in mind, not the needs of the people, he added.“Again and again,” he said,
“BN has proven that it is making policies purely for the needs of those in power. It’s using public money to support
this venture, and it is a complete waste.”Dzulkefly asked why BN was willing to spend more than RM800 million of
taxpayer money “just to spread its propaganda” when it already had a “monopoly” on broadcasting stations.“I think that
when satellite TV emerged, BN must have felt challenged,” he told FMT.He said he saw no need for BN to feel challenged
because “these satellite TVs never worked in the opposition’s interests anyway.”“I think it’s just a matter of BN’s
think tanks or strategists thinking that they would like to have a bigger share of airtime.”He described that move as
“wasteful at best and scandalous at worst”.“We are already on an uneven playing field. Now, with this move, not only is
the playing field tilted, it’s completely toppled.”Putrajaya’s free decoders are reminiscent of the Mexican government’s
initiative to give away 10 million free digital television sets in 2015 just before the country’s midterm elections.Like
Najib, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto described the move as the way to bring all Mexicans into the digital age.In
Tamil Nadu in 2006, the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party swept the state polls after announcing a series of giveaways
such as free television sets and a drastic cut in the price of rice.http://www.freemalaysiatoday.com/category/...-free-
decoders/This post has been edited by ironmaid89: Yesterday, 09:35 AM
last time PR say no toll hike..but approve new highway in selangor..patutla no use toll as campaign..in b4...
aih... at least the rakyat got something. unlike you guys just share among yourselvesif you three idiots do contribute
to the society, sultan selangor already give you datok, datok seri, tan sri laso long "fighting for rakyat", habok pun
tadak
Ada saham astrok ni.
if still on crt, how to watch tv?
most br1m receivers already has astro.why the waste ?
will c them selling on garage sale
Someone's getting rich in supplying those brainwash machines. Which crony is it this time?
Many Br1m receivers own more than 1 TV. Astro not enough.
again .. 4.4m br1m x rm199= 875mmana datang funding ini...
crt also can la. still got av input. So no blur..
This world doesn't have any free meal. They will trace your house & then doing a survey.http://mytvbroadcasting.my/
brim waste gomen fundbrim is a bribe, corrupt, haram!anwar - "br1m, kalau kerajaan beri, kita ambil!"i don't see any
diff with this myfreetvstill,it is a waste of money for me
last time angry astro expensive, naik harga...when ask to potong, said astro is important..its a neccessitylater help
them, gip free...dowan pulak...seriusly bodo
GST. Give back to rakyat. haha..
4.2j decoder x installation fee x miscellaneous expenses = few more billions to fish for votes.
once plugged in, all it can play is TV3
kalau kualiti barely passable macam modem TM, baik tak payah.....
http://mytvbroadcasting.my/wakilpenjual.html
Mytv is owned by Syed Mokhtar. That answers my question.
even ironmaid setuju lol
Give free salah, jual pun salah. Bodo these people
dah ada digital tv free.. boleh cancel axtro... penjimatan
i klik klik klik tapi tak dapat e-book percuma pun
Hello 3 stooges. atleast public tax money return to us.
got usb wor.. can play from usb? like media player mkv/mp4 h265..wah
I could never agree when ppl say astro is important. if anything it's a luxury item.
Pembangkang doing what they do best...bangkang ajer..
Actually it's simple math. 875, 000,000 is only 0.875 billionIf you round 0.875 billion is actually 1 billion. And if
you round 1 billion you'd get 0 billion. So it doesn't cost anything. wodenus please confirm my math
and very simple way to get the supply contractothers competitors kick out at a glimpse of eyethese china set decoder the
oem price can be as low as rm30-40 only...
It has been decided long time ago to give the decorder for free
it wasn't a good decision back thenwhat makes you think its a good decision now
because the youths that want affordable housing and job opportunities with suitable wages as well as for the GST to be
abolished, for the prices of goods to be controlled and for their higher education scholarships to not be blocked is not
voting for them
cukur..poor people will get a free decoder...now wait for a free tv to finally use it..
if it is for kampung ppl that tv signal not clear now all can watch tv jilat najib clearly
Decision has been made, but they re-announced it to popularize themselves
then those Pakatun politicians actually shooting their own de facto of PakatunSyed Mokhtar is Mahathir's crony btw
199 retail price.But actual price charged to gomen might be 999
not anymore lar
http://www.theedgemarkets.com/article/tele...tv-broadcastingTelekom signs framework agreement with Syed Mokhtar unit
MYTV Broadcastingso yeah
still laYTL bos, syed mokhtar, all connected to najib & mahathirthankfully najib is a matured leader unlike most pakatun
leaders
And Najib is so kind to continuously give government contracts to Syed Mokhtar, right? Only a few weeks ago Mahathir
said his cronies were being penalized by the government.Don't shoot yourself in the foot as well. You can't smear faeces
on one and let the other off.  This post has been edited by neoexcaliber: Yesterday, 11:39 AM
The socialists everyone voted for of course.
GST revenue: Customs Dept collects RM54.8 billion12 Apr 2017https://forum.lowyat.net/topic/4264623...GST revenue:
Customs Dept collects RM54.8 billion so far in 2016
tapi Njoi also offer the same channel listings, and also get to waive the installation fee for BRIM receivers
really waste of public money!this is really needless
mytv uses what? internet? satellite? or antenna?
Seriously, if you guys are really poor, go apply the RM100K & one of the terms is your family need to vote them. They
will check your background & the whole process will take quite a long period of time.
Quite waste of money but not everyone has money for entertainment. Its good and its bad in a way.HOW BOUT UPGRADING OUR
INTERNET?
Dia lagi?
now we add one more remotegg
takut astro xde duit nak fund oppo lah tu
from you and me.... income tax, gst, epf, tabung haji,   pick 1 from there
thats why they raise tourism tax bcoz of this propaganda
confirm is fishing , orang kampung will prais give free satelite tv  , orang bandar need paid rm300 kerajaan bn give
free ha ha ha , padahal inside watch the free channel only where got others, wait until free live english premier league
then only prais. and this bn cronysm cleary reveal in this program ,  the first ditect benefit is media prima group
since most the channel under their group , second the binariang broadcasting company   these two company earning duit
rakyat to run own businss
