http://www.malaysiakini.com/news/384197PKR leader predicts 1MDB-generated 'wave of rejection' for Najib1 June 2017A PKR
leader believes there will be a “wave of rejection” towards Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak in the next general
election.According to Saifuddin Nasution Ismail, this will be generated by the 1MDB scandal, which has spawned
investigations and court actions in various countries."Malaysians are obviously ready to make change for their welfare
as well as that of the country's,” added the PKR secretary-general in a media statement.For the rest of this story and
more, subscribe for only RM150 a year (full news access)or RM420 a year (full news + full archive access). If you're
already a subscriber, please sign in.
KEKPOT, dah lah bodo, now what majority of the ppl cares/don't also dono, pandan muke forever lose to BN.This post has
been edited by petang makan maggi: Jun 1 2017, 12:26 PM
Meh, orang kampung don't even know what is 1MDB. They just enjoice BRIM
Dream on. If opposition was united like last ge maybe can see some reduce vote for bn. But now u all like headless
chicken
who cares about wave of rejection when you can go 3-way on voting to break the vote and win.
Unfortunately, this wave of rejection is only happening in urban areas.
datang lagi dengan statement syiok sendiri

Thank you for reposting.
gst down to 2-3% pls
Unfortunately..this Amanah fella is also "katak bawah tempurung"Most voters are concerned about cost of living, religion
issues and security and safety.1MDB you go kampong ..people just "ya I dengar tapi takpe la...bukan duit saya.."
Should give me a percentage of the commission you get for advertising for them
I can even give you 100%. But 100% of zero commission is still zero.
Bijan cash king.Kampung Rakyat just follow.Urban Rakyat keep quiet.BN win all.
Memang pun, not corrupt but water cut all the time, power cut all the time, no public transport, pollution so bad you
can't see ten feet in front of you, what would be the point of that
PKR .&rafizi korang boleh diam tak ?
Ehh tl:dr sepudin
Oppo tak habis2 dgn isu lapuk. BODO tak boleh diajar.
Agree with you. Realistically speaking, I don't think opposition can win even if they're united. They need like at least
70% popular votes based on my loyar buruk assumption. Since they cant get their shit together, coupled with 3R being
played to the max, it won't be a surprise if opposition lose heavily in the coming GE...
PKR shock sendiri only la...
